# TouchAnalytics

The intended purpose of this app is to collect swipe data on a user, and then compare it to registered users that have taken te time to register themselves within the application. The process for this is fairly straight forward. On the main page when running the app for the first time, the user will see a single button in the bottom right of the screen with a "+". When clicking this they will be sent to the calibration page.

The calibration page consists of an image view that will change dependent on the user swiping on the screen. After every swipe on the screen, the image will change to one of the images that are built into the app. The images consist of a dog, cat, hedgehog or a bunny. Once fully integrated, the user will need to swipe in the correct direction for each animal. Currently the direction swiped does not matter. There is a counter in the top right that indicates to the user how many swipes they have made out of the minimum required amount. After they hit the required amount they will be brought to a confirm registration page that will ask them either yes or no to confirm the registration. If yes they will be brough back to the main menu with a new populated button with "user0" indicating that they are the first registered user. Eventually this will be based off a select few characters that the user will be able to enter on the confirm calibration page. If they hit no they will simply be brought back to the main page.

Once back in the main page the user can click on one of the populated buttons with the registered user name on it. Once the user click on this they will be greeted with the same calibration page with a few changes, no swipe counter and instead of a cancel calibration button there will be an end test button. If they click this, they will be brought back to the main menu. Other wise the user can swipe on this screen and in the log will display the distances from the registered user the currect user swiping is. As of right now there is not solidified detection happening for if the user is the true user or not. But this feature will be integrated soon.
